[1385]
Y
Y. A popular designation for the Young Men's Christian Association, also for a building wherein activities of such
association are conducted.
y. Forked tracks at the end of a streetcar line upon which a streetcar is reversed for the return trip.
yacht. A watercraft of elaborate construction used for pleasure, usually powered by sails but having a motor by way of
auxiliary power. 12 Am J2d Boats § 1. A vessel entitled to enrolment and license as an American vessel employed for
the purpose of pleasure, not for the transportation of passengers or merchandise for pay. 48 Am J1st Ship § 51.
yacht basin. A place for the mooring of yachts and other pleasure craft.
yard. A unit of lineal measure, the equivalent of three feet. An area surrounding, or adjacent to one or more sides of, a
dwelling house, for the use, comfort, and recreation of the residents.
See railroad yard; stockyard.
yard engine. Same as switch engine.
yard master. A railroad employee in charge of a railroad yard.
yardmen. Gardeners employed in the care and maintenance of lawn or garden. Employees of a railroad who work in a
railroad yard.
yard restriction. A restriction in a zoning law stipulating the minimum side or rear yard area, or the percentage of the
area of a building lot that may be occupied by the building. 58 Am J1st Zon § 52.
Yazoo Frauds Act. A Georgia statute enacted in 1795, and subsequently declared unconstitutional by the courts, which
purported to authorize the sale to individuals of certain public lands, including lands which now comprise all of the
state of Mississippi and half of the state of Alabama.
yea and nay. Yes and no.
year. A determinate period, consisting for all practical purposes of 365 days, except as 366 days appear in a leap year.
52 Am J1st Time § 10. A calendar year in the absence of qualification. Dycema v Story & C. Piano Co. 220 Mich 600,
190 NW 638, 27 ALR 660. A season, particularly a farming season in which crops are planted, cultivated, and
harvested, or a season as known to proprietors of vacation resorts.
See current year; leap year; solar year; term of years; within a year.
year and a day. A limitation of time for some purposes. Lyon v Cleveland, 170 Pa 611, 33 A 143 (former limitation
upon sale of land under a judgment). The familiar rule in prosecutions for homicide that if death does not ensue within
a year and a day after the infliction of a wound, it will be presumed that death, when it finally does occur, proceeded
from some other cause. 26 Am J1st Homi § 269.
The statute of Gloucester provided that an appeal of death must be sued out within a year and a day from the
day of the victim's death, and this was said to be declaratory of the common law. The rule of a year and a day was also
applied at common law to inquisitions of deodands, brought to forfeit to the king any personal chattel that was the
immediate cause of a person's death. The reason for the rule was that the law does not look upon such a wound as the
cause of a man's death if he lived longer than a year and a day. Louisville, Evansville & St. Louis Railroad Co. v
Clarke, 152 US 230, 240, 38 L Ed 422, 424, 14 S Ct 579.
Year Books. The earliest reports of cases heard in the courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and before the Justices
Itinerant, in England, covering the period from about 1270 to 1530.
The reports for this period are presently extant in manuscripts in a more or less regular series from the l8th year
of the reign of Edward I down through the 27th year of the reign of Henry VIlIth, and are attempted verbatim accounts
of what was said in open court by the Justices and counsel, written in abbreviated Anglo-French, and, perhaps, the
earliest of which were taken down privately by counsel and students of the law, and, it would seem, toward the end of
the period by professional private scribes as a business venture. In short, they are contemporary reports of English law
not only of the utmost value but the like of which is to be found in no other legal system.
The reports for individual years (consisting of the four terms of court: Hilary, Easter, Trinity, and Michaelmas)
were collected and bound together and hence came to be known as the Year Books. It has been conclusively established
that these reports were not made by the prothonotaries, or chief scribes of the court at the expense of the crown, as
Blackstone erroneously reports, but rather that they were the result of the private enterprise of the English Bar.
The Year Books had a wide private circulation in manuscript form down to the time when printing came into
common use. Except for reports from the reigns of Edward 1, Edward II, and Richard 11 (for which there is still
abundant manuscript authority extant today) reports for various individual years and groups of years, without any
attention to chronological order, were printed in many editions during the 16th-century. A "Quarto" edition of
previously printed reports was printed in ten volumes at the end of the 16th and the beginning of the l7th century. In
1678-1680 there was printed what is known as the "Folio" or "Vulgate" edition of the Year Books which, in addition to
reprinting the hithertofore black-letter printed texts of the Year Books from the reign of Edward III down through the
27th year of the reign of Henry VIII (omitting the reports from the reign of Richard 11, some of which were first
printed in modern times), printed for the first time, from one manuscript, the reports of 1-19,Edward 11. This "edition
of 1679", as it is sometimes called, was made up of eleven volumes.
In modern times the English Records Commission has published in modern form in the Rolls Series the reports
of 20-35 Edward 1, and 11-20 Edward III; the Selden Society has published Year Books 1-12 Edward 11 and I Henry
VI; the Ames Foundation of Harvard has published the Year Books 11-13 Richard 11; and, Sweet & Maxwell, the Year
Books 9-10 Henry V.
Note: The foregoing dissertation on the Year Books is the work of Mr. Ralph V. Rogers of the Editorial Staff of
the Lawyers Cooperative Publishing Company. Such contribution is acknowledged with appreciation. W.S.A.
[1386]
year, day, and waste. An ancient right of the king.
“In petit treason and felony the offender also forfeits all his chattel interests absolutely, and the profits of all
estates of freehold during life, and, after his death, all his lands and tenements in fee simple (but not those in tail) to the
crown, for a very short period of time; for the king shall have them for a year and a day, and may commit therein what
waste he pleases; which is called the king's year, day and waste." See 4 Bl Comm 385.
year-end bonus. A bonus paid to employees near the end of the calendar year, often during the week before Christmas.
yearling. A domestic animal past one year old and in its second year.
year of mourning. The year following the death of a married man during which his widow was not permitted to
remarry, for the reason, it has been said, that is if a widow remarried soon after her husband's death, the determination
of the parent age of a child born to her a matter of months after her second marriage would present difficulty. See 1 Bl
Comm 457.
year of our Lord. The beginning of the Christian era.
In England, in court proceedings, the date some times refers to the year of the king's reign and sometimes to the
beginning of the Christian era, but since in this country our only national era, that of our independence, is not used in
courts of justice, and we use but the one, the Christian era, it is not a fatal defect in either criminal or civil proceedings
to omit the words "of our Lord," after the word “year.” Commonwealth v Doran, 80 Mass (14 Gray) 37, 38.
year to year estate. See estate from year to year; tenancy from year to year.
year-to-year renewal. The option of the maker of a note for indefinite renewal. 11 Am J2d B & N § 306.
year to year tenancy. See tenancy from year to year.
yellow-dog contract. A contract of employment containing a condition binding the employee not to join or remain a
member of a labor union. 31 Am J Rev ed Lab § 9.
yellow light. A traffic signal indicating the necessity of caution.
yellow line. A barrier painted on the middle thread of paving as a control of traffic on the highway.
yeoman. A freeholder. A solid citizen. An enlisted man in the Navy engaged in office or clerical work.
Yiddish. A dialect of the German language which includes words from other languages, particularly Hebrew, spoken at
one time by many Jews in Europe and elsewhere throughout the world, but of diminishing use at the present time.
yield. Noun: The amount of a crop by bushel or pound grown on a specified area of land. The return upon an
investment. Verb: To produce; to earn, as a principal sum yields interest, or a farm yields a crop. To perform, as, to
yield services incident to land tenure. To give way. To concede.
yield right of way. Permitting another vehicle to proceed without interference.
Y. M. C. A. Abbreviation of Young Men's Christian Association.
yoke. A measure of land, being the area of land ploughable by an ox-team in one day. A pair of oxen. A symbol of
bondage, deriving from the name of the wooden frame used in harnessing a pair of oxen for work.
Yom Kippur. A sacred holiday of the Jews, otherwise known as the Day of Atonement.
York. See custom of York.
York-Antwerp rules. Rules formulated by a conference of representatives of commercial interests in the interest of
uniformity in bills of lading and contracts of affreightment involved in international commerce, the principles of which
appear in modern uniform laws. 13 Am J2d Car §§ 264 et seq.
you-drive-it. See drive-it-yourself system.
Young Men's Christian Association. An organization of national and international scope for the improvement and
betterment of men and boys, particularly in their formative years.
Young Turks. A name applied to the members of a political party, especially members in Congress or a state
legislature, who break away from control of the party by the existing leadership.
Young Women's Christian Association. An organization of national and international scope for the improvement and
betterment of women and girls, particularly in their formative years.
youth. Young people considered as a class, inclusive of both male and female.
youth rally. A meeting of young people called for discussion of a particular subject of interest. A meeting of young
persons constituting a church activity. 24 Am J2d Disturb M § 2.
Y. W. C. A. Abbreviation of Young Women's Christian Association.
