[699]
K
k. Abbreviation of kilogram, of the nautical term knot, and of the electrical term kilowatt.
K. Roman numeral for 250.
kadi. A Turkish civil magistrate.
kaia. A quay.
kaiagium. Same as quayage.
kain. A tax; rent paid in produce.
kaiser. An emperor.
kalendae. The first day of the month of the Roman calendar.
kalendar. Same as calendar.
kalends. Same as kalendae.
kangaroo court. A mock court, especially one held by the inmates of a jail. 41 Am J1st Pris & P § 20. A court set up without
warrant or authority of law on the frontier for quick trial of an alleged criminal, especially a horse thief or a murderer, usually in
anticipation and by way of justification of a lynching.
karat. A weight of four grains, used in weighing gems, usually written "carat."
karl. A churl, a person belonging to one of the lowest classes of freemen.
kavil. A staff or stick used in choosing by lot; a choosing by lot.
K. B. An abbreviation of king's bench; also, an abbreviation of knight of the bath.
K. C. An abbreviation of King's Counsel.
keelage. A duty or toll charged for permitting a ship to enter and anchor in a port or harbor.
keelhaul. To punish a sailor for disobedience or misconduct by dragging him under the ship's keel with a rope.
keels. Coal barges; ships carrying coal.
keep. Verb: To maintain; to carry on; to conduct; to manage; to hold in custody. State v Irvin, 117 Iowa 469, 470, 91 NW
760. Noun: The central structure of a feudal castle.
keep arms. See bear arms.
keeper. One who has the care, custody, or superintendence of anything; as the keeper of a park, a pound, a gate, and (in the
English law) keeper of a forest, great seal, and privy seal. One in charge of a jail. A person in charge of animals. Fishell v
Morris, 57 Conn 547, 18 A 717. One in possession of a thing, place, or business, whether or not the owner or proprietor.
Schultz v State, 32 Ohio St 276, 281.
keeper of dog. A person who keeps, or permits a dog to be kept and maintained on his premises, provided he has at least
some possession and control of the animal. Anno: 17 ALR2d 469.
keeper of gambling house. One in charge of a gambling house, irrespective of interest or ownership in or of the property or
instrumentalities involved. State v Rand, 238 Iowa 250, 25 NW2d 800, 170 ALR 289.
See keeping common gaming house.
keeper of the forest. The chief officer of a forest; a forest warden.
keeper of the great seal. The chancellor or lord keeper, who was the custodian of the king's great seal, and an officer of great
importance and power in the kingdom. In rank he was superior to every temporal lord and held a large number of offices and
honors, ex officio. See 3 Bl Comm 47.
keeper of the king's conscience. The lord chancellor of England. See 3 Bl Comm 47.
keeper of the privy seal. An English officer who was the custodian of the privy seal and as such inspected all documents
requiring the great seal.
The sign manual was the warrant to the privy seal, and the privy seal was the warrant to the great seal. See 2 Bl Comm
347.
keeper of the rolls. The incumbent of an old office in England. The keeper of the rolls or records of the county, who was the
principal justice of the peace. 1 Bl Comm 349.
keep-friend. An iron ring fastened to a chain, used for holding prisoners.
keeping books. See bookkeeping.
keeping common gaming house. A common-law offense, indictable as a criminal nuisance on account of its tendency to bring
together disorderly persons, promote immorality, and lead to breaches of the peace.
By judicial evolution and legislative enactment the common-law offense has been so broadened in its scope as to include
any place wherein persons are allowed to assemble for the purpose of betting, wagering, gaming, or gambling, and especially
where such practices are encouraged by the proprietor. 24 Am J1st Gaming §§ 38 et seq.
See keeper of gambling house; keeping gambling resort.
keeping disorderly house. A common-law offense; a statutory offense in most American jurisdictions. 24 Am J2d Disord H §
14. Keeping a lewd house, a house of ill fame, a house of prostitution, or a house to which people resort for a commission of
acts contrary to law and subversive of public morals. 24 Am J2d Disord H § 14.
keeping explosives. The common-law offense of keeping large quantities of gunpowder and other explosives in, or
dangerously near to, public places, such as villages and highways. 31 Am J2d Explos § 121.
keeping gambling device. A statutory offense committed by setting up, keeping, or exhibiting gaming or gambling devises,
such being the tables and any other apparatus, device, or machine of any kind or description constituting the tangible means,
instrument, or thing with or by which money may be won or lost by the arbitrament of chance, as distinguished from the game
itself. 24 Am J1st Gaming § 31.
Neither a single act of play at a gaming table, nor even a single day's use of it on the race field, is keeping a common
gaming table. United States v Smith, 27 F Cas No 1155.
keeping gambling resort. The maintenance of a place to which persons resort for gambling; a common-law offense
irrespective of whether the gambling is lawful or unlawful, since it tends to bring together
[700]
disorderly persons, promote immorality, and lead to breaches of the peace. 24 Am J1st Gaming § 38.
keeping good a tender. See keeping tender good.
keeping house of ill fame. See keeping disorderly house.
keeping intoxicating liquor. Within the meaning of liquor laws, keeping for sale or barter, except in the most sumptuary
legislation forbidding possession for private or family use. Street v Lincoln Safe Deposit Co. 254 US 88, 65 L Ed 151, 41 S Ct
31, 10 ALR 1548, 1551.
keeping or storing. For the purposes of the prohibitory clause of an insurance policy:-warehousing or safekeeping of
deposited goods, not the possessing of a small quantity of the designated articles or substances customarily found on premises
such as those insured. 29A Am J Rev ed Ins § 921.
keeping place for disorderly conduct. See keeping disorderly house.
keeping place for gambling. See keeping gambling resort.
keeping place for unlawful sale of liquor. A criminal offense in some jurisdictions distinct from that of making unlawful sales
of liquor. 30 Am J Rev ed Intox L § 263. An offense embracing the possession, management, and control of the liquor and the
place. Schultz v State, 32 Ohio St 276.
keeping tender good. Maintaining a readiness and ability to make payment after a tender has been refused. Depositing the sum
tendered in court. 52 Am J1st Ten § 28.
keeping to the right. An elementary rule of the road, formally adopted by statute in some jurisdictions. Cupples Mercantile
Co. v Bow, 32 Idaho 774, 189 P 48, 24 ALR 1296, ovrld on another point Hamilton v Carpenter, 49 Idaho 629 290 P 724;
O'Mally v Eagan, 43 Wyo 233, 350 P2d 1063, 5 P2d 276, 77 ALR 582.
keeping, using or allowing. For the purposes of a prohibitory clause in an insurance policy:–the permanent or habitual keeping
or using of the designated articles in considerable quantities, not the temporary or occasional use of a small quantity of the
articles. 29A Am J Rev ed Ins § 922.
keep in repair. In reference to a highway:-maintaining the highway in such physical condition as will make it reasonably safe for
travel. 25 Am J1st High § 476. As an undertaking by a lessee under a covenant in the lease:-to keep the premises in as good
repair as they were when the lease was made. St. Joseph & St. Louis R. Co. v St. Louis I. M. & S. R. Co. 135 Mo 173, 36
SW 602.
keep school. To teach school. To maintain school in session. Borchers v Taylor, 83 NH 564, 145 A 666, 63 ALR 874.
keep the peace. To maintain public order and decorum; to prevent breach of the peace; to refrain from violence
See bond to keep the peace.
Kelly Girl. A female employee obtained for temporary work through a service organization.
See service organization.
kelp. A kind of seaweed, sometimes taken for the extraction of iodine therefrom.
kelp-shore. Same as seashore.
Kenilworth Edict. An award for the pacification of the kingdom made by Henry the Third and the English parliament in 1266.
kenning to a terce. A reckoning of the third,–a computation or assignment by the sheriff of a widow's third or dower.
keno. A game of chance played by gamblers. 24 Am J1st Gaming § 28. A gambling game in which there is a "banker" and
which is operated with ninety numbered ivory balls placed inside of a rotating oblong wheel. Miller v State, 48 Ala 122, 125. A
name applied without circumspection to the game bingo.
kentledge. The pig iron ballast of a ship.
Keogh plan. A relatively new pension plan which offers self-employed business and professional people the chance to obtain
for themselves advantages long enjoyed by employees of many businesses.
kept. Maintained; supported. Possessed or held in custody. Even possessing a thing for a short period of time, as in the case of
intoxicating liquor in a restaurant brought there by a patron for immediate consumption. Fritzel v United States (CA7 Ill) 17 F2d
965. As the word appears in a statute declaring that a place where intoxicating liquor is manufactured, sold, kept, or bartered in
violation of the act, shall constitute a common nuisance:–kept for sale, barter, or other commercial purpose. Street v Lincoln
Safe Deposit Co. 254 US 88, 65 L Ed 151, 41 S Ct 31, 10 ALR 1548.
See stored or kept.
kept woman. A paramour or mistress. 33 Am J1st L&S§39.
kern. A vagrant; a vagabond.
kerosene. A thin oil derived by process of distillation from crude oil or coal, formerly much used in lamps for the purpose of
illumination, particularly in dwellinghouses; sometimes called coal oil.
key. A metal instrument for moving the bolt of a lock, thereby locking or unlocking. A wharf. An island, for example, Key
Largo off the southern tip of Florida. The means of solving a difficult problem.
See cone and key; keys.
keyage. The money or toll taken for lading or unlading wares at a key or wharf. Rowan's Executors v Portland, 47 Ky (8 B
Mon) 232, 253.
keys. The house of keys,–the lower house of the Manx legislature.
See key.
kg. Abbreviation of keg.
K. G. An abbreviation of knights of the garter.
Khedive. The viceroy or governor of Egypt.
kick. To strike with the foot. A colloquial term for an objection or complaint.
kickback. The forced return of a part of one's wages. Boehm v United States (CA8 Mo) 123 F2d 791. The payment of
money or property to an individual for causing his employer, client, patient, customer, or principal to buy from, to use the
services of, or to deal otherwise with, the person making the payment.
Kickback Act. A federal statute which provides that whoever induces any person employed in the construction or repair of any
public building or work, or building or work financed by loans or grants from the United States, to give up any part of the
compensation to which he is entitled under his con-
[701]
tract of employment, is subject to fine or imprisonment, or both. 18 USC § 874.
kickback agreement. An agreement between an employer and an employee under which the latter agrees to surrender to the
former part of the compensation to which the latter is entitled under the contract of employment. 31 Am J Rev ed Lab § 173.
kicked car. See kicking cars.
kicking cars. A railroad operation in switching wherein the locomotive having given impetus to a car or cars, the locomotive is
quickly stopped and disengaged, permitting the car or cars to roll under their own momentum. Chicago, St. Louis & Pittsburg
Railroad Co. v Champion, 9 Ind App 510; Promer v Milwaukee, L. S. & W. R. Co. 90 Wis 215, 63 NW 90.
kidder. An engrosser; a forestaller. Slang for one who seeks to impose upon the credulity of another.
kidnaping. Same as kidnapping.
kidnapping. At early common law:–the forcible abduction or stealing of a man, woman, or child from his own country and
sending him into another; an aggravated species of false imprisonment. 1 Am J2d Abduct § 1. The offense under statutes
generally: the taking or detaining of a person against his will and without lawful authority. Anno: 114 ALR 870. A wilful and
intentional detention for an unlawful purpose against one's will and without authority of law. People v Florio, 301 NY 46, 92
NE2d 881, 17 ALR2d 993.
kidnapping for extortion. An aggravated offense of kidnapping. Kidnapping for the purpose of holding the victim for a
ransom. 1 Am J2d Abduct § 3.
Kidnapping Law. A federal statute, commonly known as the Lindbergh Law, which prescribes the crime of kidnapping for
ransom, reward, or otherwise, where the victim is transported from one state to another or to a foreign country. 18 USC §
1201 (a); I Am J2d Abduct §§ 5, 18.
Kiel beer. Near beer; a beer of low alcoholic content.
kilderkin. A cask or keg holding about half a barrel or eighteen imperial gallons.
kill. Verb: To cause death. To put an end to something, as to "kill" a bill in the legislature. Noun: A stream or creek, the word in
this sense being derived from the Holland Dutch.
killed instantly. See instantaneous death.
killing by accident. See accidental death.
killyth-stallion. The customary duty of the lord of the manor to provide a stallion for the breeding of his tenants' mares.
kiln. See brick kiln.
kilogram. A unit of weight in the metric system, equivalent to 2.2046 pounds.
kilometer. A unit of linear measure in the metric system, equivalent to 0.62137 miles.
kilowatt. A unit of electrical power, equivalent to 1000 watts.
See watt.
kilter. A colloquial expression for good order or working condition of an instrumentality.
See out of kilter.
Kimbell-Diamond doctrine. The doctrine of income tax law, otherwise known as the unitary transaction rule, that where a
taxpayer, who is interested primarily in obtaining a corporation's assets, first purchases the stock of the corporation and then
liquidates the corporation in order to acquire the desired assets, the separate steps taken to accomplish the primary objective
are treated as a single transaction, and even though the objective is accomplished in form by a purchase of stock, the substance
of the transaction is regarded as a purchase of property. United States v Mattison (CA9 Idaho) 273 F2d 13, 83 ALR2d 706.
kin. Relatives. Primarily, relatives by the tie of consanguinity or blood. State v Tucker, 174 Ind 715, 93 NE 3; Re Stoler, 293
Pa 433, 143 A 121, 59 ALR 1402. But including for the purposes of a statute respecting competency to testify as to a
transaction with one since deceased, otherwise known as a dead man's statute, relatives by marriage as well as by blood.
French v French, 84 Iowa 655, 51 NW 145.
See collateral kinsmen; kindred; nearest blood kin; nearest kin; next of kin.
kinbote. An ancient pecuniary compensation among the Saxons for the killing of a relative. The portion of a regicide's fine
which was paid to the community.
kind. Adjective: Gentle, friendly, and considerate. Noun: A class; a variety.
See in kind.
kindergarten. Literally in the translation of the German from which it derives, a children's garden. Actually, a class in school
which precedes the first grade; the class which, except for a child which has attended nursery school, is the place in which a
child's education by schooling begins, albeit the purpose is to have him become accustomed to school and pleased with it rather
than to present a formal course of study. Sinnott v Colombet, 107 Cal 187, 40 P 329.
kindlie. The right of a tenant to have his lease renewed.
kindling. A substance easily ignited, used in starting a fire. The act of starting a fire.
kindred. Relatives. Kin. Usually relatives by blood, but for some purposes only relatives born in lawful wedlock, as where the
word appears in a statute of descent. Anno: 48 ALR2d 764, § 3 (c); 10 Am J2d Bast § 149. For some purposes, including
relatives by marriage. French v French, 84 Iowa 655, 51 NW 145 (statute relative to competency as a witness to testify
concerning a transaction with a person since deceased).
Aliens incapable of inheriting are not such "kindred" as can defeat the right of a surviving spouse to take the whole of the
estate of the deceased spouse if there are no kindred. Wunderle v Wunderle, 144 Ill 40, 33 NE 195, error dismd 154 US 524,
38 L Ed 1078, 14 S Ct 1156.
kindred rule. A rule related to another rule, such as the doctrine of the law of the case to the doctrine of res judicata. United
States v United States Smelting Refining & Mining Co. 339 US 186, 94 L Ed 750, 70 S Ct 537, reh den 339 US 972, 94 L
Ed 1379, 70 S Ct 994.
king. The ruler or sovereign of a kingdom. The lord paramount under the early feudal system of holding real property in
England. 28 Am J2d Est § 3.
king de facto. See de facto king.
king de jure. See de jure king.
kingdom. The dominion of a king or queen; a country whose sovereign is a king or a queen.
[702]
king-geld. Escuage,–money paid by the tenant in lieu of knight-service.
King James Bible. A leading Protestant version of the Bible, taking its name from King James I of Great Britain, its publication
date, 1611, being within his reign, the preparation of the Bible having been ordered by him in 1604.
king's advocate. The legal advisor of the king of England.
See King's Counsel.
kings and queens of England. See regnal years.
king's bench. See court of king's bench.
king's bench division. A department of the English high court of justice.
king's chambers. The harbors of England; probably so called because they were a part of the territorial waters of the crown.
king's council. A court which, during the Norman period, followed the person of the king.
King's Counsel. See Queen's Counsel.
king's court. A court which was the successor of the very ancient witenagemote of the Saxons.
king's evidence. Same as state's evidence.
king's highways. The federal highways in Canada.
See royal streams.
king's justiciars. Certain persons learned in the law who acted as assistants to the high officers of state who composed the
aula regia. See 3 Bl Comm 38.
king's keys. Such axes, bars, and other implements as were used to force an entry to serve a warrant of the king.
kings of England. See regnal years.
king's peace. See peace of the king.
king's premier serjeant. The first in rank of the king's serjeants, so constituted by letters patent and having the first right of
pre-audience. See 3 Bl Comm 28, note.
king's silver. Sometimes called the post fine,–an ancient revenue of the king which was due him by royal prerogative and
which was required to be paid into the royal treasury at the second stage of a proceeding of levying a fine for alienation of land.
See 2 Bl Comm 350.
king's widow. The widow of a tenant of the king, who could not marry again without the consent of the king.
king's year, day and waste. See year, day and waste.
kinless. Without kindred; without relatives.
kinsbote. Same as kinbote.
kinship. The matter of being kin.
See kin.
kinsmen. People who are one's kin.
See kin; kindred.
kintledge. Same as kentledge.
kip. A brothel; a bawdyhouse.
Kirby's quest. John de Kirby's inquest,–a record of ancient English surveys made by de Kirby in the reign of Edward the First.
kissing the Book. The act of kissing the Bible or Testament, often performed in taking an oath, especially an oath of office
administered to one qualifying for high office, but not essential to the validity of any oath. 39 Am J1st Oath § 13.
kitchen range. See range.
kitchen sink. See sink.
kith. A person's home or birthplace.
kiting checks. A practice, not to be recommended, indulged by a person short in both cash and credit, in taking care of an
overdraft in one bank by depositing therein a check drawn on a bank at some distance, that is, in another city or village, which
will result in an overdraft in the second bank until another worthless check is presented in that bank, and so on until the
denouement which inevitably occurs except as a windfall takes care of the last check written.
KKK. Abbreviation of Ku Klux Klan.
kleptomania. A morbid propensity to steal, whether consciously or unconsciously. The disease of stealing; an irresistible
impulse to steal. 29 Am J Rev ed Ins Per § 3. A species of insanity; a weakening of the will power to such an extent as to leave
one powerless to control his impulse to appropriate the personal property of others, without regard to whether such impulse is
inspired by avarice, greed, or idle fancy. State v McCullough, 114 Iowa 532, 87 NW 503. In some, although not all,
jurisdictions, a complete defense in a prosecution for larceny. 32 Am J1st Larc § 42.
Kluxer. Slang for a member of the Ku Klux Klan.
knave. A swindler; a cheat; a servant a rogue; one who has been guilty of dishonest acts. Harding v Brooks, 22 Mass (5 Pick)
244.
knife. An instrument for cutting. In some categories, a deadly weapon. 26 Am J1st Homi § 7; 56 Am J1st Weap § 3.
knight. A man who had attained the dignity of knighthood, which was the first personal dignity, after the nobility.
A knight, therefore, in order of rank or precedence, followed a baronet. See 1 Bl Comm 403.
knighthood. The rank, dignity, or station of a knight.
knight marshal. A keeper of decorum within the royal household of the king of England.
knights bachelors. The most ancient, though the lowest, order of knighthood. See 1 Bl Comm 404.
knights banneret. Knights of the order which after certain other dignities ranked below the knights of the order of St. George,
or of the garter. See 1 Bl Comm 403.
knight-service. A species of tenure under the feudal system under which each knight or soldier held a knight's fee and was
bound to attend the king in his wars forty days in each year.
This service in time degenerated into pecuniary commutations or aids until the military part of the feudal system was
abolished in the reign of Charles the Second. See 1 Bl Comm 410.
knight's fee. An estate sufficiently large to maintain a knight.
knights of St. George. Same as knights of the garter.
knights of the bath. An order of knighthood which ranked next after the knights bannerets; so called from the ceremony of
bathing the knights before their creation. See 1 Bl Comm 403.
[703]
knights of the chamber. Knights bachelors who attained knighthood in times of peace.
knights of the garter. The highest order of knighthood, ranking next after the nobility.
The order was first instituted by Edward the Third in 1344, and was also called the order of St. George. See 1 Bl
Comm 403.
knights of the shire. Members of Parliament representing counties rather than municipal corporations or boroughs.
Knight Templars. See Templars.
knocked down. Struck down; knocked off one's feet by a violent blow. An expression used in auction sales, meaning "sold." 7
Am J2d Auct § 31.
In the language of the auction room, and in common parlance, property is said to be "struck off" or "knocked down"
when the auctioneer, by the fall of his hammer, or by any other audible or visible announcement, signifies to the bidder that he is
entitled to the property on paying the amount of his bid, according to the terms of the sale. Sherwood v Reade (NY) 7 Hill 431,
439.
As to the meaning of the term "knocked down" as it appears in an accident insurance policy, See Anno: 138 ALR 411.
knot. A nautical mile. Something that binds, such as a marriage, the bonds of matrimony.
See nautical mile.
know. To be aware or informed of something. To have reason to believe. Shaw v Merchants' Nat. Bank (US) 11 Otto 557, 25
L Ed 892.
knowingly. With knowledge; having knowledge. As part of the statutory definition of a criminal offense:–a term without a single
fixed and uniform meaning, the meaning in the particular case to be determined according to the character of the offense
charged. Riss & Co. v United States (CA8 Mo) 262 F2d 245; sometimes construed as intentionally, in which case it must
appear that the person charged was aware of the illegality of his conduct. 21 Am J2d Crim L § 88; more often construed as
having knowledge, not of the act's unlawfulness, but merely knowledge of those facts which are essential to make it unlawful.
People v Shapiro, 4 NY2d 597, 176 NYS2d 632, 152 NE2d 65, 69 ALR2d 973. As the word is used in federal statutes
relating to the use of the mails:–not necessarily a matter of having actual knowledge or intent, the knowledge of circumstances
from which the indecent character of matter and the likelihood that the disposition made of it will probably result in the use of the
mails, being sufficient. 41 Am J1st P O § 99.
As used in a statute giving a lien to any person doing work under a contract with the owner or with one whom the
owner has authorized or "knowingly permitted" to improve the property, the phrase is satisfied if the owner, knowing that the
work is being done, fails to object. However, it has also been held, that mere knowledge and a failure to object by the owner, is
not sufficient. Anno: 4 ALR 694.
knowingly and wilfully. A purposeful failure to obey the law, with knowledge of the facts. Missouri K. & T. R. Co. v United
States (CA8 Kan) 178 F 15; St. Louis & S. F. R. Co. v United States (CA8 Me) 169 F 69. An essential term in an indictment
where it constitutes a part of the statutory definition of the offense. 27 Am J1st Indict § 67.
knowingly misrepresent. See to knowingly misrepresent.
knowingly permitted. See knowingly.
knowledge. The perception of the mind as to facts; information and intelligence. Utley v Hill, 155 Mo 232, 55 SW 1091,
1102. As an element of a criminal offense, awareness of those facts which are essential to the unlawfulness of the act alleged as
criminal. 21 Am J2d Crim L § 88. Within the meaning of a clause of an insurance policy for voiding the contract upon the
commencement of foreclosure proceedings "with the knowledge of the insured": actual knowledge or actual notice. 29A Am J
Rev ed Ins § 860.
It has been generally held that under a fidelity bond or policy providing for notice of loss within a specified time after the
insured has "knowledge of," "learned of," "discovered," or "become aware of " a loss or a dishonest act, the insured is not
required to act respecting the notice provision until he has actual knowledge of the loss or dishonest act. Anno: 23 ALR2d
1076.
See actual knowledge; actual notice; guilty knowledge; notice.
knowledge of custom. Actual or constructive knowledge of a custom consistent with the contract of which it is alleged to be a
part. 21 Am J2d Cost & U § 17.
known. A conventional term in a certificate of acknowledgment, indicating the officer's knowledge of the identity of the person
acknowledging. 1 Am J2d Ack § 70.
known equivalent. A patent law term; a known device used as a substitute which effects the same result. 40 Am J1st Pat §
160.
known mine. An actual and opened mine which has been worked or is capable of being worked. Colorado Coal & I. Co. v
United States, 123 US 307, 31 L Ed 182, 8 S Ct 131.
known personally. A conventional term in a certificate of acknowledgment, indicating the officer's knowledge of the identity of
the person acknowledging. 1 Am J2d Ack § 70.
known vein. A mining law term referring to a vein or lode whose existence is known, as contradistinguished from one which has
been appropriated by location.
It must either have been known to the applicant for the patent or known to the community generally, or else disclosed
by workings and obvious to anyone making a reasonable and fair inspection of the premises for the purpose of obtaining title
from the government. Iron Silver Mining Co. v Mike & Starr Gold & Silver Mining Co. 143 US 394, 36 L Ed 201, 12 S Ct
543.
knuckles. See brass knuckles.
koshuba. A Jewish marriage contract or marriage settlement. Hurwitz v Hurwitz, 216 App Div 362, 363, 215 NYS 184, 185.
Ku Klux Act. A federal statute which creates a civil liability for conspiracy interfering with civil rights. 42 USC § 1985(3); 15
Am J2d Civ R § 16.
Ku Klux Klan. A secret society, the membership of which is limited to white men, against which legislation has been directed
on account of alleged anti-Negro and anti-Semitic practices.
kyn. Same as kin.
kyth. Same as kith.
